CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to purescript-vim

Thanks for your interest in contributing to `purescript-vim`! We welcome new contributions regardless of your level of experience or familiarity with PureScript or VimL.

Every library in the Contributors organization shares a simple handbook that helps new contributors get started. With that in mind, please [read the short contributing guide on purescript-contrib/governance](https://github.com/purescript-contrib/governance/blob/main/contributing.md) before contributing to this library.

## Preparing a pull request or patch

[Pull requests](https://github.com/purescript-contrib/purescript-vim/pulls) may be opened on the primary Git forge. If you do not have a Microsoft GitHub account or would prefer, there is also a [mailing list](https://lists.sr.ht/~toastal/purescript-vim-devel) that can be used with [`git send-email`](https://git-send-email.io).

Patches/pull request checklist:

- [ ] Opened an [issue](https://github.com/purescript-contrib/purescript-aff/issues) or posted to the [discussion mailing list](https://lists.sr.ht/~toastal/purescript-vim-discuss) before investing a significant amount of work into changes
- [ ] Update README.md with any new configuration options and behavior
- [ ] Update CHANGELOG.md with the proposed changes
- [ ] Run `./generate-doc.sh` to re-generate the documentation (requires [`npx`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npx))

Commit message:

Add a Nix Flake for devShell + check

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to purescript-vim

Thanks for your interest in contributing to `purescript-vim`! We welcome new contributions regardless of your level of experience or familiarity with PureScript or VimL.

Every library in the Contributors organization shares a simple handbook that helps new contributors get started. With that in mind, please [read the short contributing guide on purescript-contrib/governance](https://github.com/purescript-contrib/governance/blob/main/contributing.md) before contributing to this library.

## Preparing a pull request or patch

[Pull requests](https://github.com/purescript-contrib/purescript-vim/pulls) may be opened on the primary Git forge. If you do not have a Microsoft GitHub account or would prefer, there is also a [mailing list](https://lists.sr.ht/~toastal/purescript-vim-devel) that can be used with [`git send-email`](https://git-send-email.io).

Patches/pull request checklist:

- [ ] Opened an [issue](https://github.com/purescript-contrib/purescript-aff/issues) or posted to the [discussion mailing list](https://lists.sr.ht/~toastal/purescript-vim-discuss) before investing a significant amount of work into changes
- [ ] Update README.md with any new configuration options and behavior
- [ ] Update CHANGELOG.md with the proposed changes
- [ ] Run `./generate-doc.sh` to re-generate the documentation (requires [`npx`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/npx) which can be gotten from Nix shell)
- [ ] Run linters via `nix flake check`
